In 2020, a US-based VoIP provider named Broadvoice exposed more than 350 million of their customers’ records, including personal information such as names, phone numbers, and even their call transcripts. The data breach exposed transcripts which included voicemails describing medical and financial information, in addition to leaving victims vulnerable to follow-up phishing attempts. The leak occurred as a result of at least one of Broadvoice’s databases being left open and accessible without requiring any authentication at all. This allowed hackers access to ten databases belonging to the company. This could probably be classified as a SQL injection attack, though I have not been able to determine if that is a fully accurate description.

This vulnerability was discovered when Broadvoice hired a security consultant named Bob Diachenko, who worked in collaboration with a technology research firm known as Comparitech. After discovering the data breach, Broadvoice acted quickly to patch the flaw in their security. In addition, the relevant legal authorities were quickly made aware of the situation. Broadvoice brought in a third-party forensics firm to analyze the data the captured regarding the breach but declined to speculate further on the issue before completing said investigation.

The attackers were able to exploit this vulnerability without much standing in their way, as the Broadvoice database simply did not require the expected authentication. By sending a simple request, they were able to access all the data being stored on that database. Once they had gained access to one database, they were likely able to find the necessary credentials to access the other nine. With access to all this information, the hackers were able to download whatever they wanted to their own storage, to use in future attacks as they saw fit.

The primary security measure that could have been taken would have been to simply ensure that any database owned by Broadvoice had all required authentication methods applied to them. This would have made entry much more difficult and could have averted the data breach and theft entirely.
